---
id: 707
title: Bliss.
date: 2009-09-23T15:09:28+00:00
author: mark
layout: post
tags:
  - mandolux
  - microsoft
  - wallpaper
  - windows
---
It&#8217;s only a little thing. Very minor. Tiny. Minuscule, even. Some people probably wouldn&#8217;t even notice it*. And those that do probably wouldn&#8217;t care&#8230; but when i setup a new PC and the desktop background/wallpaper/&#8221;screensaver&#8221;/whatever-you-choose-to-call-it has been stretched to fit the screen it bugs me. A lot. These OEMs know the size of monitor they&#8217;re shipping and what resolutions the graphics card can handle, so include some suitably sized background images, you silly silly bastards! It&#8217;s not difficult. Manufacturers, if you can&#8217;t be arsed to include an image of the correct size then don&#8217;t bother setting a background image at all &#8211; just set it to a solid colour. OEMs should be showing off the quality of their hardware to the new customer, not leave them wondering if they&#8217;ve bought a pup.

Grrr.

Anyway, if you&#8217;re as petty as me, you may be interested in [this](http://mediaserver.ts.fujitsu.com/mediaserver/clientview/server/marcom/index.cfm?itemsperPage=36&fuseaction=list&page=1&fid=S2506&search=false&CFID=949080&CFToken=96324357). At the other end of that hyperlink you&#8217;ll find the original Windows XP &#8220;Bliss&#8221; wallpaper. Yep, the original as-in a 46MB, 4510&#215;3627 TIF image. Download that and you can create a wallpaper that&#8217;ll fit just about any size screen. Nobody need look at a green and blue fuzz again.

Of course, there are plenty of better wallpapers than &#8220;Bliss&#8221; [out there](http://mandolux.com/)&#8230;

<span style="color: #c0c0c0;">&#8230;</span>

* Yes, a little bit of self-deprecation about my penis would fit here nicely. I successfully resisted that particular temptation though.