---
id: 551
title: Neglect.
date: 2009-06-05T14:58:17+00:00
author: mark
layout: post
tags:
  - this blog
  - twitter
---
I joined [twitter](http://twitter.com/) out of boredom and curiosity. After a little exposure to it, I imagined that i&#8217;d use it to pass simple commentary or post links, thereby replacing the really short posts i made here. Twitter for the trivial stuff, Blog for the opinions and thoughts worth expanding on.

Only it hasn&#8217;t quite worked out like that. I&#8217;ve been posting on twitter (just about) daily since i joined up but posts here have gradually fallen off in that same period. Yesterday I realised that i haven&#8217;t written anything here since the middle of May &#8211; that&#8217;s about 20 days ago.

It seems that by posting instant opinion on the latest (tech) news, i allow myself to then forget all about it. Before using twitter i&#8217;d digest the news and where my interest was perked, ponder things a little more then release a stream of opinion onto these pages. Twittering about things, however, just seems to purge them from my mind.

The only story i can remember thinking &#8220;I&#8217;ll write about that on the blog&#8221; in the last 20 days is the release of the [O2 Joggler](http://yourfamily.o2.co.uk/o2familyjoggler). Hopefully i&#8217;ll get around to writing that entry very soon. In the meantime, here&#8217;s what i said regarding the Joggler on twitter&#8230;

> _Dear O2, you could have been onto a massive winner with the Joggler. Unfortunately, you appear to have fucked it up. Kindest regards, Mark._

And

> _Dear OpenPeak, you could be onto a massive winner with the OpenFrame. Hopefully someone will use it better than O2 have. Regards, Mark._

What wit. I&#8217;m sure that&#8217;s wet your appetite for more.